We have a set of newspapers and an analyst/critic who reads the content of each newspaper and calculates the hit/sales rate the newspaper will have in the neighborhood.

Each newspaper contains 3 texts, where each one is about a specific topic.

Suppose we know the method by which the analyst makes his estimate, which is as follows:
  - the analyst knows in advance (from experience and past research) the success rate of each text topic in a newspaper (he knows, for example, that the topic "traveling" has a 50% success rate, i.e. 50% of the residents of the neighborhood will prefer a newspaper that will contain the topic "travelling"). We also have this knowledge, that is, we know the success rates of all topics.
  - after the analyst has read all 3 texts of the newspaper and identified the topic of each one, he then finds the success rate of the topics and claculates the mean value of these rates in order to estimate the sales rate the newspaper will have in the neighborhood. That is, the success rate of the newspaper is determined by the success rate of the subjects of the texts it contains.
Therefore, if a newspaper contains 3 texts that all 3 are about "traveling", and, if we know that "traveling" as a text topic has a sales rate of 80% = 0.8, then the newspaper will have a sales rate equal to (0.8+0.8+0.8)/3 = 0.8 = 80%.

What the classifier does is the following: it accepts 3 different texts as input (3 texts from 1 newspaper) and at the output it classifies each of these texts into a topic. The percentage of success/sales of each topic is a fixed value contained in the asp program.

Then, the asp program, based on the outputs (the topics of the articles), calculates the estimated success rate/sales of the newspaper.

The solver at the output will again classify, but this time the classification will be between the different possible sales percentages of the newspaper. Sales percentages, since they are derived from mean values of 3 (each newspaper sales percentage equals a mean value of 3 sales percentages for 3 topics), will be specific fixed values and not a number within a continuous range of prices.